Hmph ignorant Dorsey Dongjiao has promised us
As long as we can help him get rid of the dust
Then we will have unimaginable glory and wealth
Hahahaha so
Chu Chen is Long Shuai, and he will definitely come to save us. Yes
I know he is Wang Shuai.
But I'm going to be right about that one today
It can't be unhandsome, my lord
Can you see me?
Just this guy
Dust will come later
I am honest honest
Honest man honest man
Wind and wind, hurry up and tie the west sky, hahahaha.
What are you doing with Chu Chuan and us?
Forget it, we don't know him
It's your fault.
General Guo Caidong knows
The minister wants to revitalize the sperm of Haicheng
And that you guys are clever masters of various industries
Then I will connect you with the chief minister today
It will blow up in a while
Isn't Haicheng's economy paralyzed?
This place hahaha
It's cold, let's go back
Hello Chu Chen
Don't come, there are traps.
Chu Chen
Warehouse 13, I give you half an hour to arrive
Otherwise, they will all die
What's up?
Why is this?
You go home and wait for me.
I don't deal with some urgent matters